README.md, before:

# Crypto Gamehub
Crypto Gamehub is a web collection of minigames to promote good behaviour on  & the use of various cryptocurrency/blockchain platforms. The people of the community are encouraged to contribute their own minigames to this hub.

This hub will be available to the community for web integration onto their own sites.

## How to install
- Download all the files in the **build** folders of the game you want to install.
- Upload them to your server. Or run a local server.
- Open the **index.html** file.
- Have fun!

# The games

## SPAMPIG
**Objective** To educate about spam in STEEM platforms.

The Spampig is trying to catch upvotes, but your mission is to feed him only with flags! If he gets an upvote he says an spammy comment.

And remember: Never leave spam comments!

### Build #5

#### Notes:

#### Changes:
* Removed all temporary music in preparation for original music.

#### Bug Fixes:
* Gameover icon text display.

#### Bugs To Address:
* Initial lag when interacting with a object.

Commit message:

Build #5
* Removed temporary sound effects in preparation for original sound effects.
* Polished & Commented code.
* Decreased difficulty curve.

README.md, after:

# Crypto Gamehub*

Crypto Gamehub is a web collection of minigames to promote the use of cryptocurrencies and blockchain based platforms in a very fun way. We also want to educate about the good use of such platforms, like flagging spammers, supporting the begginers, and the good behavior in general.

This hub will be available to the community for web integration onto their own sites. (Check "How to install" section).

The people of the community are encouraged to contribute their own minigames to this hub. (Check "How to contribute" section).

## How to install
- Download all the files in the **build** folders of the game you want to install.
- Upload them to your server. Or run a local server.
- Open the **index.html** file.
- Have fun!

## How to modify
- You’re required to install unity if you wish to modify this project, as this game is developed with Unity & C#.
- After you’ve installed Unity all you’ve got to do is open the “UnityProject” folder with Unity.

## How to contribute
If you are a programmer, a designer, sound effects or music creator and want to contribute to any of the games of the hub or  have an idea to create from scratch, feel free to join our discord server: https://discord.gg/8ZNq3Ss; there we can further talk about it.

# The games

## SPAMPIG
**Objective** To educate about spam in STEEM platforms.

The Spampig is trying to catch upvotes, but your mission is to feed him only with flags! If he gets an upvote he says an spammy comment.

And remember: Never leave spam comments!

### Build #4

#### Notes:
Crypto GameHub is a provisional name.

#### Changes:
* Removed temporary sound effects in preparation for original sound effects.
* Polished & Commented code.
* Decreased difficulty curve.

#### Bug Fixes:
* Nothing at the moment.

#### Bugs To Address:
* Initial lag when interacting with a object.

## Future features
- Sound effects and background music
- Add variety to gameplay by introducing different objects & mechanics.
- **Don't upvote mode**. Only upvotes will fall and you have to move the pig to avoid them, score will show time instead of points.
- Data parser
- Creation of gamehub interface with access to all the minigames.
- Design and integration of custom loading and splash screens.
- Earn badges and prizes according to achievements
